hi guys um I'm sharing a two strand flat
twist I got this idea from this rose
avail and I think she did it back in may
i'm not sure but some of the things are
a little different because her hair was
much longer so i had to do a few few
different things to keep it from coming
down so the front I think it's a little
different but the rest is somewhat not
perfect so first time so this is how it
looks in the back so what do you think
I'm going to leave it up today this is
my second day and then I'll take it down
tomorrow and I'll do a twist out and
I'll share that with you too also I did
it on clean dry hair and this time I
didn't use in a gel I used this blue
magic hair conditioner with coconut oil
yeah i bought it in san francisco was
like two dollars or 49 cents so yeah
anyway that's what i did and i was just
sharing so
ok this is the next day and i did a
twist out flat twist out and this is the
results ok i put a band on it and i put
it back and then I kind of pushed it up
so the edges worry me tight and I put
some of my conditioner on it my grease
and this is the front is the side ok
okay it kind of looks like how the other
twist out coil outs or whatever but it's
more stretched and the edges or the
roots are more stretched but yeah I
didn't have any gel or anything like
that on it so this is all blue magic
grease and it had three ingredients at
petroleum coconut oil and fragrance and
I know some people talk about the
petroleum like you're not supposed to
use it but I remember putting water and
grease on the sides and my edges would
lay down this is back from a long time
ago and never have ten edges you're
gonna start using Jim go okay my
grandkids are hiding okay so that's all
i wanted to show you the results of that
I'll see you
you